docs: update readme (#642)
nitrictech/nitric: README.md

> These are supported out of the box, but you can also build [custom providers](https://nitric.io/docs/reference/providers/custom/building-custom-provider) as well

## Example

Creating an API, a bucket with access permissions and writing files to that bucket via a serverless function.

```javascript
// JavaScript Example
import { api, bucket } from "@nitric/sdk";

const main = api("main");
const notes = bucket("notes").allow("read", "write");

main.post("/notes/:title", async (ctx) => {
  const { title } = ctx.req.params;
  await notes.file(title).write(ctx.req.text());
});
```

> This is the only code needed to deploy a working application to any cloud provider you choose, using [`nitric up`](https://nitric.io/docs/getting-started/deployment). Nitric can deploy this application using automatically generated [Pulumi](https://nitric.io/docs/reference/providers/pulumi), [Terraform](https://nitric.io/docs/reference/providers/terraform) or [any other automation tools](https://nitric.io/docs/reference/providers/custom/building-custom-provider) you choose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the only code needed to deploy a working application to any cloud provider using [`nitric up`](https://nitric.io/docs/getting-started/deployment). Nitric can deploy this application using automatically generated [Pulumi](https://nitric.io/docs/reference/providers/pulumi), [Terraform](https://nitric.io/docs/reference/providers/terraform) or [any other automation tools](https://nitric.io/docs/reference/providers/custom/building-custom-provider) of your choice.
```
